User Story1:
As a user, I should be able to login in Bookit login page.
Acceptance Criteria
1. Verify that the user can log in with valid credentials.
Test Scenarios for login:
1. Verify that the user is able to login with valid credentials.
2. Verify that the user is not able to log in with invalid credentials.
the system shows an error message as
" [objectProgressEvent]"
when the user enters incorrect credentials.

User Story 2:
As a user I should be able to make a reservation on Book it application.
Acceptance Criteria :
1.Verify that the team lead or a teacher should be able to make a reservation
2. Verify that authorized user can reserve only one room maximum per day.!!!!!-GOLD
3. Verify that authorized user can cancel the reserved room at any time.
4. Neg-Verify that during the reservation, authorized users can only book the room for
future hours, and the system should not allow the User to book a passed
time/date.


User Story 3:
As a User, I should be able to see which rooms are reserved by my team
through schedule link.
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Verify that all Users should be able to see reserved rooms made by his/her
Team Lead in "My" section by the current Week's view schedule.
2. Verify that all Users should be able to see reserved rooms made by his/her
Team Lead in "General" section by the Room view schedule.
User Story 3:
As a user I should be able to see the detail information about a room when I click
Room name from the map.


User Story 4:
As a user I should be able to access the Schedule module.
Acceptance Criteria:
Verify the user have 2 options under the schedule module
Verify team lead or a teacher can book a room  by clicking an spot from the page under My tab


User Story 5:
As a user, I should be able to access to My module.
AC1. verify there are 3 options under My module.
AC2. verify self tab shows all the detail info of the user - name, role, campus, retc
AC3. verify user can see all the other team members from teams tab.

User Story 6:
As a user, I should be able to logout
AC1: User should go back to the sign in page once he/she logout.